Implement "getNodesUrls" standard (#43)
massalabs/massa-standards: wallet/dapps-communication.md

</tbody>
</table>

> #### Get nodes url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Node URLs
```

> This method is used to get the nodes url from the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is used to get the node URLs known by the extension.
```

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Direction</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Format</th>
<th>Example</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Webpage to extension</td>

> <td><code>Provider.getNodesUrl</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><code>Provider.getNodeUrls</code></td>
```

<td>none</td>
<td><code>null</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Extension to webpage</td>

> <td><code>Provider.getNodesUrl.response</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><code>Provider.getNodeUrls.response</code></td>
```

<td>

```yaml

> type: object
> properties:
>   response:
>     type: string array
>   message:
>     type: string
> required:
>   - nodesUrl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type: array
items:  
    type: string
    format: URL
```

```

</td><td>
  
```json

> {
>    "nodesUrl":  [
>                   "http://localhost:1234", 
>                   "https://massa-nodes.net"
>                 ]
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[
  "http://localhost:1234", 
  "https://massa-nodes.net"
]
```

// Delete an account.
await myProvider.importAccount(myAccount.address());

// Get nodes url

> await myProvider.getNodesUrl();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const urls = await myProvider.getNodeUrls();
```
